[6.5][NET] Update NUI layouts (#1521)
Samsung/tizen-docs: docs/application/dotnet/guides/user-interface/nui/layouts.md

A `View` can be assigned to any layout and then can be re-assigned to a different layout. However, a layout can be used with one `View` at a time.

New layouts can be implemented by deriving them from the layout base class and positioning the children according to the requirement. To create a custom layout, see [Creating Custom Layouts](./custom-layout.md).

## Common layouts

| Type | Description | Look |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | [AbsoluteLayout](./absolute-layout.md) | `AbsoluteLayout` is View's default layout that allows explicit positioning of child elements. The positions of children start from the top left of the layout and can be set by using the `Position` property.<br /><br /> [Guide](./absolute-layout.md) / [API Documentation](/application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.NUI.AbsoluteLayout.html) / [C# code](./nui-example-code/AbsoluteLayoutExample.cs) / [XAML code](./nui-example-code/AbsoluteLayoutExample.xaml) | ![AbsoluteLayout Example](./media/absolute-Layout.png) |

Reviewer: A similar change was suggested by @mihashco back on Oct 07, 2021, but was not incorporated. 
```suggestion
| [AbsoluteLayout](./absolute-layout.md) | `AbsoluteLayout` is the default `View` layout that allows explicit positioning of child elements. The position of children starts from the top of the layout and can be set using the `Position` property.<br /><br /> [Guide](./absolute-layout.md) / [API Documentation](/application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.NUI.AbsoluteLayout.html) / [C# code](./nui-example-code/AbsoluteLayoutExample.cs) / [XAML code](./nui-example-code/AbsoluteLayoutExample.xaml) | ![AbsoluteLayout Example](./media/absolute-Layout.png) |
```

> | [AbsoluteLayout](./absolute-layout.md) | `AbsoluteLayout` is View's default layout that allows explicit positioning of child elements. The positions of children start from the top left of the layout and can be set by using the `Position` property.<br /><br /> [Guide](./absolute-layout.md) / [API Documentation](/application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.NUI.AbsoluteLayout.html) / [C# code](./nui-example-code/AbsoluteLayoutExample.cs) / [XAML code](./nui-example-code/AbsoluteLayoutExample.xaml) | ![AbsoluteLayout Example](./media/absolute-Layout.png) |

Reviewer: API link and Image for "AbsoluteLayout Example" appears to be broken in rich diff.

Reviewer 2: In my case linear layout example was  not proper link. I changed it.

| [LinearLayout](./linear-layout.md) | `LinearLayout` is a box layout that arranges the child views vertically or horizontally based on `LinearOrientation` property. `LinearAlignment` defines starting position of the children. `CellPadding` property controls the space between views except for the start, end, top, or bottom of the layout.<br /><br /> [Guide](./linear-layout.md) / [Sample](https://github.com/Samsung/Tizen-CSharp-Samples/tree/master/Mobile/NUI/LinearLayout/NUILinearLayout)  / [API Documentation](/application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.NUI.LinearLayout.html) / [C# code](./nui-example-code/LinearLayoutExample.cs) / [XAML code](./nui-example-code/LinearLayoutExample.xaml) | ![LinearLayout Example](./media/linear-Layout.png) |

> | [GirdLayout](./grid-layout.md) | `GridLayout` is a grid box for the two dimensional layout. It constraints the x and y position, width, and height of the child actors. It positions the children in a grid form, where the size of each column and row is set to the largest size of the cells belonging to their axis. <br /><br /> [Guide](./grid-layout.md) / [Sample](https://github.com/Samsung/Tizen-CSharp-Samples/tree/master/Mobile/NUI/GridLayout) / [API Documentation](/application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.NUI.FlexLayout.html) / [C# code](./nui-example-code/GridLayoutExample.cs) / [XAML code](./nui-example-code/GridLayoutExample.xaml) | ![GridLayout Example](./media/grid-Layout.png) |

Reviewer 2: Fixed

> | [FlexLayout](./flex-layout.md) | `FlexLayout` is a flexible box layout, that provides a more efficient way to layout, align, and distribute space among items in the container, even when their size is unknown or dynamic. The Tizen layout provides features such as wrapping that automatically positions items that do not fit on axis to another row or column.<br /><br /> [Guide](./flex-layout.md) / [Sample](https://github.com/Samsung/Tizen-CSharp-Samples/tree/master/Mobile/NUI/FlexLayout) / [API Documentation](/application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.NUI.FlexLayout.html) / [C# code](./nui-example-code/FlexLayoutExample.cs) / [XAML code](./nui-example-code/FlexLayoutExample.xaml) | ![FlexLayout Example](./media/flex-Layout.png) |

Reviewer 2: Fixed - I changed the name of the file

A `View` can be assigned to any layout and then can be re-assigned to a different layout. However, a layout can be used with one `View` at a time.

New layouts can be implemented by deriving them from the layout base class and positioning the children according to the requirement. To create a custom layout, see [Creating custom Layouts](./custom-layout.md).
## Common layouts

| Type | Description | Appearance |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | `AbsoluteLayout` | `AbsoluteLayout` is View's default layout that allowing to explicit positioning of chlid elements. The positions of children starts from the top left of the layout and cen be set by using the `Position` property.<br /><br /> [API Documentation](https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/API9/api/Tizen.NUI.AbsoluteLayout.html) / [Guide](./absolute-layout.md) | ![AbsoluteLayout Example](./media/absolute-Layout.png) |

Reviewer 2: `AbsoluteLayout` is the default `View` layout that allows to explicit position of child elements. The children's position starts from the top of the layout and can be set using the `Position` property.

> | `LinearLayout` | `LinearLayout` is a box layout that arrange the child views vertically or horizontally based on `LinearOrientation` property. `LinearAlignment` defines starting position of the children. `CellPadding` property control the space between views except for start, end, top, or bottom of the layout.<br /><br />[API Documentation](https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/API9/api/Tizen.NUI.LinearLayout.html) / [Guide](./linear-layout.md) | ![LinearLayout Example](./media/linear-Layout.png) |

Reviewer 2: `CellPadding` property controls

New layouts can be implemented by deriving them from the layout base class and positioning the children according to the requirement. To create a custom layout, see [Creating custom Layouts](./custom-layout.md).

## Common layouts

| Type | Description | Look |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | [AbsoluteLayout](./absolute-layout.md) | `AbsoluteLayout` is View's default layout that allowing to explicit positioning of chlid elements. The positions of children starts from the top left of the layout and cen be set by using the `Position` property.<br /><br /> [Guide](./absolute-layout.md) / [API Documentation](https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/API9/api/Tizen.NUI.AbsoluteLayout.html) | ![AbsoluteLayout Example](./media/absolute-Layout.png) |

Reviewer 3: @Machinero, there were so many PRs raised to correct github.io link and we were told that github.io links will no more be used please check on this.
